Update collecting.md (#31)
eur-nl/erim-research-toolbox: pages/data_life_cycle/collecting.md

- [Erasmus Survey Centre](https://www.erim.eur.nl/research-support/erasmus-survey-centre-esc/)
- [Erasmus Behavioural Lab (EBL)](https://ebl.eur.nl/)

## Where do I store my data? 

> At EUR we have several storage solutions, depending on the type of data you are pocessing, these options can be found in the [EUR tooling page](https://my.eur.nl/en/eur-employee/research/research-services/research-data-management/tooling).

Reviewer: I'm changing the URL to be our public webpage for more accessibility

```suggestion
At EUR we have several storage solutions, depending on the type of data you are pocessing, these options can be found in the [EUR tooling page](https://www.eur.nl/en/research/research-services/research-data-management/tooling).
```
